God has commanded
us this day;
He has given us
a charge to obey.
At all times,
be ready to impart
The reason for the hope
within your heart.
So preach the Word,
Oh, how vital that all hear!
Preach the Word,
As this system’s end draws near.
Help the meek to understand.
Preach the Word,
Throughout the land!
Seasons of trouble
we will face;
Opposition may bring
shame and disgrace.
Though preaching
may out of season seem,
Our trust is in our God,
who is supreme.
So preach the Word,
Oh, how vital that all hear!
Preach the Word,
As this system’s end draws near.
Help the meek to understand.
Preach the Word,
Throughout the land!
Seasons of favor
we will see,
And the need for us to teach,
there will be.
The way to salvation
we proclaim
And help to sanctify
Jehovah’s name.
So preach the Word,
Oh, how vital that all hear!
Preach the Word,
As this system’s end draws near.
Help the meek to understand.
Preach the Word,
Throughout the land!